[Music]
when i teach people meditation what i
try to start with is the idea that each
person is
individual each person is unique and in
my experience the most successful
meditation practices
are sort of tailored to the actual
person who's doing the meditating
we'll go through how meditation is a
practice evolved
where it started how it branched off and
even where mindfulness was born because
mindfulness
isn't actually all of what meditation
has to offer
in fact it's a tiny tiny fraction of the
tradition of meditation
we sort of explore these core questions
like what is the nature of a human being
what makes up a person and as we
discover who we are
we find ourselves unshackled from a lot
of the things that hold us back
these thoughts like i am a failure or
i'm unlovable or that person is better
than me
all stem from not understanding what we
really are
and we'll explore different kinds of
meditation inquisitive practices versus
focusing practices
open awareness meditation where you
observe your thoughts
versus chanting a mantra and how each of
these practices
gives you different benefits and is
suited for different kinds of people
and so our approach in this module is to
give you the best of what all of these
traditions have to offer
to give you lots of different meditation
techniques that are targeted towards
particular realizations or overcoming
different kinds of problems
so i really hope that this module will
be helpful for you and i hope that it'll
also be fun
[Music]
you